[WJ-880] Add Wikijump Security Policy (#499)
scpwiki/wikijump: SECURITY.md

## Security Policy

The Wikijump Team prioritizes security and will fix issues as soon as they are disclosed.

If you discover a security vulnerability, please reach out to a member of the Wikijump Security Team, who may be contacted as follows:

| GitHub       | Wikidot                                                               | Discord           | Email                     |
|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|---------------------------|
| @ammongit    | [aismallard](http://www.wikidot.com/account/messages#/new/4598089)    | `aismallard#0002` | ammon.i.smith@gmail.com   |

> | @rossjrw     | [Croquembouche](http://www.wikidot.com/account/messages#/new/2893766) |                   | rossjrw@gmail.com         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| @rossjrw     | [Croquembouche](http://www.wikidot.com/account/messages#/new/2893766) |                   | ross@rossjrw.com          |
```

Author: Added in d273b78.

| @stormbreath | [stormbreath](http://www.wikidot.com/account/messages#/new/3075960)   |                   |                           |
| @danieltharp | [pxdnbluesoul](http://www.wikidot.com/account/messages#/new/1414125)  |                   | daniel.tharp@gmail.com    |

### Wikijump

After receiving a report of a security issue within Wikijump, we will validate and determine its scope.
Once this is done, we will issue an estimate for the time to completion. When a fix has been merged in and deployed,

> you will be notified privately. If this security issue impacts Wikijump _only_, you may disclose it publicly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will be notified privately. If this security issue impacts Wikijump _only_, you may then disclose it publicly.
```

### Wikidot

> The Wikijump Security Team also receives reports of security issues within Wikidot. You are encouraged to report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Wikijump Security Team also receives reports of security issues within Wikidot. We encourage you to report
```

1. Wikidot is controlled by a third-party, so we are unable to apply security patches.
2. Wikidot is completely unmaintained, so even severe vulnerabilities will not be fixed.
3. Wikidot is actively used by a large number of users, and public disclosure of a vulnerability has the potential to cause a significant amount of harm with no recourse.

Because of this, the strategy we utilize is (unfortunately) based on _mitigation and concealment_.
When you make your report, we will document it privately like other vulnerabilities, and assess its level of current impact.
If any occurrences of the issue are found in the wild, every effort will be made to remove or replace them, while minimizing
the number of people aware of the issue. If needed, a minimal number of administrators of large Wikidot sites will be made aware
of recommended mitigations.
Finally, the potential impact on Wikijump will be determined, and if the issue is also present there, it will be promptly fixed.

As such, you will be asked to not discuss the exploit. This request will only be lifted in the very unlikely scenario that Wikidot releases a patch.

> A Wikidot bug will **not** be created, both because it is public and will become known to any potential bad actors, but because the issue is extremely

Reviewer: Define 'wikidot bug' - I assume e.g. an entry on feedback.wikidot.com et al? To some readers this may read as "we will not introduce an error to wikidot's codebase"

Author: Good call, will clarify. Changed in 7f101e8.

> unlikely to be fixed. If a method of contacting Wikidot, Inc. is found that is able to result in fixes to issues, it will be utilized to patch the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unlikely to be fixed. If a method of contacting Wikidot, Inc. is found that is able to result in fixes to issues, we will use this to patch the
```

vulnerabilities under our purview.

We understand that this is not in line with typical practices for [responsible disclosure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Responsible_disclosure),

> but due to the constraints of our lack of platform autonomy and the massive impact malicious use of vulnerabilities has, this is our current strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but due to the constraints of our lack of platform autonomy and the potential massive impact of malicious use of vulnerabilities, this is our current strategy.
```

or reaching out to a member individually:

| GitHub                                         | Wikidot                                                                | Discord           | Email                     |
|------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|---------------------------|
| [@ammongit](https://github.com/ammongit)       | [aismallard](https://www.wikidot.com/account/messages#/new/4598089)    | `aismallard#0002` | ammon.i.smith@gmail.com   |
| [@stormbreath](https://github.com/stormbreath) | [stormbreath](https://www.wikidot.com/account/messages#/new/3075960)   |                   |                           |
| [@rossjrw](https://github.com/rossjrw)         | [Croquembouche](https://www.wikidot.com/account/messages#/new/2893766) |                   | ross@rossjrw.com          |
| [@danieltharp](https://github.com/danieltharp) | [pxdnbluesoul](https://www.wikidot.com/account/messages#/new/1414125)  |                   | daniel.tharp@gmail.com    |

### Wikijump

> After receiving a report of a security issue within Wikijump, we will validate and determine its scope.

Reviewer 2: I'd like to see an SLA for the initial response as well. For example, Rust has:

> Your email will be acknowledged within 24 hours, and you’ll receive a more detailed response to your email within 48 hours indicating the next steps in handling your report.

https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/security

Author: This is a good idea. Given it's a smaller volunteer project, do you think a 48 hour / 72 hour timeframe is justifiable?

Reviewer 2: Not sure. My thinking was that it's good to have _some_ time frame there, to set expectations on when we'll respond. But I don't have an opinion on what to set it to.
